README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/open-helpdesk.png
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/open-helpdesk

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/simodalla/open-helpdesk.png?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/simodalla/open-helpdesk

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/simodalla/open-helpdesk/badge.png?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/simodalla/open-helpdesk?branch=master

Created by `Simone Dalla <http://twitter.com/simodalla>`_

========
Overview
========

Helpdesk app for Django/Mezzanine project

This project is under development.


Dependencies
============

OpenHelpdesk required:

* `Django`_ 1.5+, 1.6+
* `Mezzanine`_ 3.+

Documentation
=============

Please head over to `Documentation`_ for all
the details on how to install, configurate and use the OpenHelpdesk.


License
=======
OpenHelpdesk is `BSD licensed`_.

.. GENERAL LINKS

.. _`Django`: http://djangoproject.com/
.. _`Django Code of Conduct`: https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/
.. _`BSD licensed`: https://github.com/simodalla/open-helpdesk/blob/master/LICENSE
.. _`Documentation`: https://readthedocs.org/projects/openhelpdesk/
.. _`Official repository`: https://github.com/simodalla/mezzanine_page_auth/
.. _`Package`: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mezzanine-page-auth/
.. _`Mezzanine`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org
.. _`Mezzanine project page`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org
.. _`Field Injection`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/model-customization.html#field-injection
.. _`Python`: http://python.org/
.. _`pip`: http://www.pip-installer.org/
.. _`bleach`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bleach
.. _`pytz`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytz/
.. _`django-compressor`: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django_compressor
.. _`Python Imaging Library`: http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/
.. _`grappelli-safe`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/grappelli-safe
.. _`filebrowser-safe`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/filebrowser-safe/
.. _`Grappelli`: http://code.google.com/p/django-grappelli/
.. _`FileBrowser`: http://code.google.com/p/django-filebrowser/
.. _`South`: http://south.aeracode.org/
.. _`requests`: http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/
.. _`requests-oauth`: https://github.com/maraujop/requests-oauth
.. _`pyflakes`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyflakes
.. _`pep8`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8
.. _`In-line page editing`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/inline-editing.html
.. _`custom content types`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/content-architecture.html#creating-custom-content-types
.. _`Search engine and API`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/search-engine.html
.. _`dashboard`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/admin-customization.html#dashboard
.. _`Themes Marketplace`: http://mezzathe.me/
.. _`Cartridge`: http://cartridge.jupo.org/
.. _`Custom templates`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/content-architecture.html#page-templates
.. _`test suite`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/packages.html#module-mezzanine.core.tests
.. _`JVM`: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine
.. _`Jython`: http://www.jython.org/
.. _`Twitter Bootstrap`: http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/
.. _`Disqus`: http://disqus.com/
.. _`Gravatar`: http://gravatar.com/
.. _`Google Analytics`: http://www.google.com/analytics/
.. _`Twitter`: http://twitter.com/
.. _`bit.ly`: http://bit.ly/
.. _`Akismet`: http://akismet.com/
.. _`project_template`: https://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/tree/master/mezzanine/project_template
.. _`GitHub`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/
.. _`Bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/stephenmcd/mezzanine/
.. _`mezzanine-users`: http://groups.google.com/group/mezzanine-users/topics
.. _`security@jupo.org`: mailto:security@jupo.org?subject=Mezzanine+Security+Issue
.. _`GitHub issue tracker`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/issues
.. _`#mezzanine IRC channel`: irc://irc.freenode.net/mezzanine
.. _`Freenode`: http://freenode.net
.. _`Django coding style`: http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/#coding-style
.. _`PEP 8`: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
.. _`Transiflex`: https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/mezzanine/
.. _`Mezzanine Grid on djangopackages.com`: http://www.djangopackages.com/grids/g/mezzanine/
.. _`Django's internationalization`: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/i18n/translation/
.. _`Python Software Foundation`: http://www.python.org/psf/
.. _`Urban Airship`: http://urbanairship.com/
.. _`Django Packages`: http://djangopackages.com/
.. _`Hewlett Packard`: http://www.hp.com/
.. _`Tabblo`: http://www.tabblo.com/
.. _`The Linux Journal`: http://www.linuxjournal.com
.. _`Work For Pie`: http://workforpie.com/
.. _`virtualenvwrapper`: http://www.doughellmann.com/projects/virtualenvwrapper

Commit message:

add live demo section to readme

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/open-helpdesk.png
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/open-helpdesk

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/simodalla/open-helpdesk.png?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/simodalla/open-helpdesk

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/simodalla/open-helpdesk/badge.png?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/simodalla/open-helpdesk?branch=master

Created by `Simone Dalla <http://twitter.com/simodalla>`_

========
Overview
========

OpenHelpdesk is an helpdesk ticket management system for Django/Mezzanine project

This project is under development.


Dependencies
============

OpenHelpdesk required:

* `Django`_ 1.5+, 1.6+
* `Mezzanine`_ 3.+

Documentation
=============

Please head over to `Documentation`_ for all
the details on how to install, configurate and use the OpenHelpdesk.

Live Demo
=========

`Live demo`_ is online!


License
=======
OpenHelpdesk is `BSD licensed`_.

.. GENERAL LINKS

.. _`Django`: http://djangoproject.com/
.. _`Django Code of Conduct`: https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/
.. _`BSD licensed`: https://github.com/simodalla/open-helpdesk/blob/master/LICENSE
.. _`Documentation`: https://readthedocs.org/projects/openhelpdesk/
.. _`Live demo`: https://www2.comune.zolapredosa.bo.it/demoopenhelpdesk/
.. _`Official repository`: https://github.com/simodalla/mezzanine_page_auth/
.. _`Package`: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mezzanine-page-auth/
.. _`Mezzanine`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org
.. _`Mezzanine project page`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org
.. _`Field Injection`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/model-customization.html#field-injection
.. _`Python`: http://python.org/
.. _`pip`: http://www.pip-installer.org/
.. _`bleach`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bleach
.. _`pytz`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytz/
.. _`django-compressor`: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django_compressor
.. _`Python Imaging Library`: http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/
.. _`grappelli-safe`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/grappelli-safe
.. _`filebrowser-safe`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/filebrowser-safe/
.. _`Grappelli`: http://code.google.com/p/django-grappelli/
.. _`FileBrowser`: http://code.google.com/p/django-filebrowser/
.. _`South`: http://south.aeracode.org/
.. _`requests`: http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/
.. _`requests-oauth`: https://github.com/maraujop/requests-oauth
.. _`pyflakes`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyflakes
.. _`pep8`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8
.. _`In-line page editing`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/inline-editing.html
.. _`custom content types`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/content-architecture.html#creating-custom-content-types
.. _`Search engine and API`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/search-engine.html
.. _`dashboard`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/admin-customization.html#dashboard
.. _`Themes Marketplace`: http://mezzathe.me/
.. _`Cartridge`: http://cartridge.jupo.org/
.. _`Custom templates`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/content-architecture.html#page-templates
.. _`test suite`: http://mezzanine.jupo.org/docs/packages.html#module-mezzanine.core.tests
.. _`JVM`: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine
.. _`Jython`: http://www.jython.org/
.. _`Twitter Bootstrap`: http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/
.. _`Disqus`: http://disqus.com/
.. _`Gravatar`: http://gravatar.com/
.. _`Google Analytics`: http://www.google.com/analytics/
.. _`Twitter`: http://twitter.com/
.. _`bit.ly`: http://bit.ly/
.. _`Akismet`: http://akismet.com/
.. _`project_template`: https://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/tree/master/mezzanine/project_template
.. _`GitHub`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/
.. _`Bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/stephenmcd/mezzanine/
.. _`mezzanine-users`: http://groups.google.com/group/mezzanine-users/topics
.. _`security@jupo.org`: mailto:security@jupo.org?subject=Mezzanine+Security+Issue
.. _`GitHub issue tracker`: http://github.com/stephenmcd/mezzanine/issues
.. _`#mezzanine IRC channel`: irc://irc.freenode.net/mezzanine
.. _`Freenode`: http://freenode.net
.. _`Django coding style`: http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/#coding-style
.. _`PEP 8`: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
.. _`Transiflex`: https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/mezzanine/
.. _`Mezzanine Grid on djangopackages.com`: http://www.djangopackages.com/grids/g/mezzanine/
.. _`Django's internationalization`: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/i18n/translation/
.. _`Python Software Foundation`: http://www.python.org/psf/
.. _`Urban Airship`: http://urbanairship.com/
.. _`Django Packages`: http://djangopackages.com/
.. _`Hewlett Packard`: http://www.hp.com/
.. _`Tabblo`: http://www.tabblo.com/
.. _`The Linux Journal`: http://www.linuxjournal.com
.. _`Work For Pie`: http://workforpie.com/
.. _`virtualenvwrapper`: http://www.doughellmann.com/projects/virtualenvwrapper
